hello everyone my name is max and I am
here to review the razor-like cosas
wired gaming keyboard I would also like
to mention that I am working on a
drawing of a moth spider hybrid ok
moving on now the lycosa gaming keyboard
here I will also be making some comments
on the special edition mirrored version
because I own that one before I
purchased this one which is the the
regular version that the special edition
mirrored version the only difference
between that one and this like Xhosa is
that it has shiny keys and you're going
to pay about $10 more for shiny keys and
this keyboard is already really
expensive to begin with as far as
keyboards are concerned this one the
standard version after tax and shipping
runs you about $80 ok now get started I
would like to mention that keyboard
technology has been around for decades
in the basic form a basic form being you
press a key it completes a circuit
sends the binary to the computer the
computer interprets that and gives you
your response
okay now this keyboard fails at the
basic technology ok so it fails as a
keyboard pure and simple
razor you screwed up this is a very bad
keyboard the the biggest insult is that
you're paying $80 for a gaming keyboard
that doesn't even function as good as
say a $20 Logitech keyboard ok the only
things that are you know great about
this keyboard are that it lights up blue
which is cool looking and you got some
media up key options up here I don't
know if you can see those yeah it's just
a touchscreen you got to you know your
forward your back your pause play stop
volume control the backlit keys well
when you're gaming you're not really
looking at the keyboard a whole heck of
a lot so that doesn't really matter all
that much and your media keys it depends
on what kind of game you're playing but
most of
when you're gaming you're not dealing
with media so neither of those two
functions enhance your gaming experience
at all okay now aside from just a gaming
keyboard not having proper key response
makes it fail on just as a regular
keyboard okay the problems when I when I
talk about the key functioning being bad
most of the time when you're typing or
gaming or whatever one more of you keys
are just going to stop working all
together okay you'll be pressing it and
nothing happens
the only solution got to unplug it and
you got to plug it back in okay
other users have experience more often
than not a response where it acts like
you're holding a key down indefinitely
now this has happened to me on this one
in the mirrored one as well
just maybe only once or twice most of
the time you'll lose keys okay and these
are things that I like I said it
experienced on both versions but you
will also see if you read written
reviews on Newegg or Amazon or what have
you that lots of people have this exact
same issue okay so this is you know and
you update the drivers doesn't help you
talk to raise your support center they
don't they don't help at all you know so
really it's just your only solution here
is to use a different keyboard all right
I purchased a Sidewinder x6
and hopefully that'll be here soon and
I'll get to review that one for you as
well now the second basic need as a
gamer for a keyboard is ergonomic
because you're going to be using this
keyboard a lot if you're a gamer and
you're the type of person who is willing
to spend $80 on a keyboard
well this
keyboard is flat right it has no
ergonomics the keys are flat the
keyboard itself is flat everything is
flat all right they put no effort into
making this comfortable for you at all
and that's the whole point of ergonomics
is to enhance user comfort and this
doesn't do that okay so please I implore
you if you're going to spend a bunch of
money on a keyboard
don't spend it on this one or the other
like host of a special edition mirrored
especially because you're going to pay
more for that one all right save your
time save your money and buy something
that's not a piece of junk like this one
all right thank you